Add Semantic logger instrumentation (#3467)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

# New Relic Ruby Agent Release Notes

## dev

- **Feature: Add SemanticLogger instrumentation**

>   The agent now supports SemanticLogger log forwarding and decoration for SemanticLogger versions 4.6.0+. Thanks to [@jdelStrother](https://github.com/jdelStrother) for providing valuable feedback that helped shape this instrumentation. [PR#3467](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/3467)

Reviewer: Is there anything users need to do if they were previously using the New Relic appender provided by Semantic Logger?

Author: veryyyy good shout out. I updated the CHANGELOG- do you think we need anything else, like how to disable one or the other? https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/3467/commits/8a4a6a02ef1e5762f9d034184ca507df787d30bc

Reviewer: I think including how to disable the NR instrumentation would be helpful, JIC people aren't familiar with our config structure.

## dev

- **Feature: Add SemanticLogger instrumentation**

>   The agent now supports SemanticLogger log forwarding and decoration for the `semantic_logger` gem versions 4.6.0+. If you were previously using SemanticLogger's built-in New Relic appender, it is recommended to choose one approach to avoid duplicate logs. New Relic's SemanticLogger instrumentaion can be disabled by setting `instrumentation.semantic_logger` to `disabled`. [PR#3467](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/3467)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Feature: Add Semantic Logger instrumentation**

  The agent now supports Semantic Logger log forwarding and decoration for the `semantic_logger` gem versions 4.6.0+. If you were previously using Semantic Logger's built-in New Relic appender, it is recommended to choose one approach to avoid sending duplicate logs. New Relic's Semantic Logger instrumentation can be disabled by setting `instrumentation.semantic_logger` to `disabled`. [PR#3467](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/3467)
```
